I don't know if you can take it now you
wanna see me Nicki Nicki naked I wanna
be a baby baby baby bit spinning in as
much as I can from a thing I go visit
under breath hey says welcome back to my
channel so today I'm going to be doing a
hair Vivi wig review and unboxing for
you guys and let me just say that this
wig is the most natural wig I have ever
owned
in my existence of wearing wigs like
this wig is dope okay
it is so alright guys so when you
receive your wig it comes with the wig
some wig caps some hair clips a comb
similar to my first wig but what I do
like about these wig caps are that
they're brown girl wig caps and they
work so much better like let me tell you
to save my life and this wig is a 360
lace wig it is 16 inches and it comes
pre plucked and bleached and with an
elastic band yes with an elastic band
already attached and it has columns on
the inside as well so this was me with
the wig straight out the box I did
absolutely nothing to it just playing
around with it seeing how I want to
style it
[Music]
so after observing the wig I realized
that there is not much you had to do
this like I just was fixing the part and
then you'll see me add some baby hairs
but honestly that's all I did and in
that last clip I was wearing a lighter
we captain the one that it came with and
I later realized that the darker one is
better
so definitely wear a darker would have a
fear of my skin complexion or darker but
yes you're just gonna see me parting the
hair and putting some baby hairs in the
hair and I'll show you how I got my baby
hairs but just keep watching
arrey so I think I want to talk you guys
through this so basically I just parted
a little bit of hair along the hairline
and I'm gonna part it into three
sections looking kind of like triangles
and then switch them up so I can see
where I would want the baby hairs to go
as you can see here
[Music]
so next I'm going to take my razor and
just cut off the hair now I am NOT a
professional at all and I was terrified
to do this because I was scared I was
gonna mess up but honestly it's really
easy just take your time all right so
after I cut it I'm gonna take some eco
styler gel just to see how it would lay
if it was on my head and as you can see
this is a little bit too long so I'm
gonna go back and cut it some more
[Music]
now if you like to wear your hair in a
side part like I do you do not have to
cut the entire other side you really
only need to cut this first little part
you see me cutting here but I didn't
know if I was gonna switch over to a
middle part so I ended up just doing the
whole thing
[Music]
taking my handy dandy scissors I'm going
to cut off the lace this is another part
that terrifies me but once again just
take your time and this is how the wig
looks on my head with some very slight
customization very minimal but as you
can see I'm wearing that lighter we cap
as I mentioned before and it doesn't
look bad but if you have the darker wig
cap definitely wear that I definitely
did switch over to that
after wiring this for a while but look
at this like it's so natural and baby
hairs have to be finished so play around
with them like as much as you need to
but guys like this is the most natural
wig I have ever owned they're about to
make me give up on my first wig and
y'all know I was right or died for my
first one so if you would like some more
information on this wig definitely check
out my description box I will leave all
the information all my thoughts all my
comments in the description box one
thing I do want to mention the only I
would say con about this wig company is
that they do take a little while to ship
so definitely do not wait so the last
minute if you want this wig order it
ahead of time but it is wonderful it
straightens and curls is beautiful
[Music]